Update ban_qa.md (#111)
tim-one/tim-one.github.io: psf/ban_qa.md

---
Brief replies to questions from a variety of sources, most recent first.

**2024-11-03 Sun 05:00p CST**

**Q:** What did you suggest to the SC to address the loss of trust?

**A:** Same as always: sunlight is the best disinfectant.
- Stop the interminable stonewalling.

> - Engage with the dissenters respectfully, addressing what they're saying directly, not deflecting by addressing a strawman instead.

Author: ```suggestion
- Engage with the dissenters respectfully, addressing what they're saying directly, not deflecting by addressing a straw man instead.
```
